yo what's going on guys little Barney
I've got some bad food fifo again dear
this is a team deathmatch the map davor
man peak believe a cold this map car
galen there's some hood at my last ideal
which was a completely nude mistake but
this is actually doubt Matt Peaks a
pretty good game I've got here for you
guys today and I thinking go 11 and one
or some like that soars pretty cool
starting off a really really nasty
Hedgehog the witches we're just pretty
koo i thought was a really nice shot to
start this game off i do use my pestle
quell this match is well because I do
start off playing fairly defensively
trying to play the sort of recon kit and
just kind of cello here and people off
but unfortunately just doesn't work out
for me in this game and I just end up
playing pretty aggressively actually
with my pistol and obviously picking up
a few hit markers and other kills and my
sniper as well why am I definitely use
my pistol quite a lot in this match and
it just kind of displays how powerful
the pistols in this game can be if you
can I use them correctly and use them in
the kind of situation where a sniper
just wouldn't be effective to be honest
like this one here for example I just
can't chase this guy quick enough from a
swoop just pull the pestle neelam with
it i'm using the bipod the Blessed it's
cool pin this match on my sniper rifle
i've been using this a lot know a normal
average is the rifle scope and the
straight pill walk just to kind of have
those really more well the kena faster
shorts but i'm starting to use the
sniper of morphic in a long range or
been using it for long range recently
and i have the bipod and the blasted
scope was just is just so much fun to
use and especially like geeking
especially if you use it enough your
bill to use it chemical change as well
and here i just barely can see this guy
through the gap and there unfortunately
doable I'm not um I'm completely unable
to kill and I think we get hit market or
something I made of hit market i'm not
entirely sure but I just can't kill them
because obviously it's like such a small
target in there it's pretty hard to hit
someone that that far away in through
that tiny gap before he moves out saying
like especially if he's like jebden a
boat or moving about just trying to kind
of my waist and did had jegar something
injures just dodged my bullets by am I
mean it's a pretty good game and I've
got a really look real to a coupe
conquest game i'm going to show you guys
probably over the weekend i'm going to
split it into two parts because a fairly
long latch I think it's like 12 minutes
or something like that so sprint 26
minutes parts and but a real relic
you'll conquest game definitely our best
game i've had in this game and bathroom
three so far and i definitely the shorty
guys it's a real real good man
and I think he guys are like a lot but a
really nice kill kill streak to start
over and stuff so we're yeah I've been I
mean I've not really been playing quite
too much have been playing about field
day ugh i think i've actually played
ecology like seriously for maybe a
couple of these and i think it i think
it jumped on modern 143 the other day
there and played like a free throw a
couple of free throws I have a really
cool air in this are free from the tree
guys as well preparing to and
bootlegging is as a real dogging match I
think you guys will like that on this
will soak a lot of good stuff to come
out I'm going to do some bad food over
the weekend or maybe bathtubs like I
said the two parts of the conquest game
maybe one Saturday and impa do the MSR
game I put some dish on my hat and then
trying to bleep spit it out for you guys
so you're so you're getting a bit of a
mix but I'm really really really like in
battlefield and I definitely think this
game is better than one more for three I
think it's more polished it's more kind
of finished but as I think modern 143 it
just feels like I don't know it just
feel shit and it's something I may talk
about actually like I was thinking about
doing us our bathroom see again smaller
off with your bathroom key verses modern
one-fourth e can a common tree maybe on
the conquest game or some of that
because I don't all just been played
I've been playing this game and I just
feel like this game feels so much better
it just feels like they put more time
until they put more effort into this
game it deserves to be better to be
honest terribly recognized as being
better and I definitely do think it's a
lot of fun to play and I'm really
enjoying battlefield 3 kind of feeling
this guy here but I'm in a really bad
situation a hit mark that guy and
realize I've bullets left my pistol I
was going to go for the knife there but
that's my that's my day if that was
completely completely stupid Tyler my
own fault leo I probably should have
gone for the second shot with the sniper
but again it'll district or books or
after school boat and then school back
in which which can be pretty hard
especially because someone's that close
running that you saw Roger almost spun
them to death it as well so my screens
all wait in a black and white here which
was switch is closed i was there i think
about 3% health left yeah I've don't
just die not even that would when I
right kick in the teeth I am again we
guys have been watching I've been
watching dexter and a quite a few quite
a few people actually recommended to me
a recommended oh sorry to me a while ago
on facebook twitter asked you guys like
what's a good CDs to watch or some like
that people recommended Breaking Bad
which I watched four seasons of within
the space of two weeks or some like that
it's fucking awesome breaking bad really
good and then I'm just now watching
dexter and it's something I didn't
really think I plate click to be honest
I'd seen advertised on TV or when stuff
like that and I watched like maybe I
doesn't gain I watched any of on TV
actually but I had to had Dexter on my
computer for a while and I just never
really watched it to be honest and I
ended up just watching like the season
one with there may be a few days and him
just got hooked on it to be honest so
I'm like halfway through season four
years don't like that I don't think so
far season three's just not has not been
as good as they wanted to I don't know
if it's like a different guy that's
direct nor what I don't know what's
going on but season one in season 2 or
ridiculously intensely I was basically
shit myself for them like the whole way
through those two because they're like
this much like drama and like he's just
like almost getting caught and get so
lucky some things and I don't know if
Dexter stasis fucking awesome i'm really
like that so they got to you guys that
recommend the dexter but i think any
other sort of recommendations of TV
shows and say shit you guys enjoy them
let me know because what was looking for
stuff to watch when i'm bored and if you
guys haven't seen dexter then there's my
recommendation for even watch dexter
almost breaking bad as well as your kids
and i can't really think of any other
really good CDs I've been watching I
don't know but I'm I don't know I've
been watching a lot of movies and stuff
at that as well and i was going to
actually talk about this a commentary
but i realize i'm almost the entire so I
don't know baseman if you I promise or
recently lose warrior which is basically
animate enemy air sort of fate and film
but it's like two brothers and you know
how you can always like tale who's gonna
win it ends like between my you get
their main character and typical sort of
Fame movies they always getting in
character and always typically wins or
maintaining percentage then you wins but
in this one it's two brothers and it's
intense and it's really inspiring and
you're kind of like oh I don't know
which one I want to win and I don't know
which one is going to win because end up
fighting each other end which is which
is crazy i'll get film and but then you
got a lot films like i do not like just
random shit as well something to watch
jack has to be 3d the other day as well
which is hilarious it's been a while
since i saw that and a real bit of a
good movie but anyway guys let me know
what your what your what your favorite
movies are what your favorite TV series
are whatever if you saw dexter whatever
IM
I think here today and that I was just
marked that guy and I was looking for a
min i'll just trained to spot mate and I
just thought you'd gone away actually I
was like where the fuck did this guy
when I turned my back on i'm the next
thing you know we shoots me the bike but
luckily enough I don't spawn it again to
the death don't kick sneaky bastard by
um hopefully you guys enjoyed the video
if you did give our thumbs up leave a
comment if you guys want to that be I'll
be awesome 11 into why dead kona then
they're thinking rise by ospiti guessing
benzene for watching bye yo whats going
on guys still born here I've got a
really quick staple in the episode for
you guys they just going to run through
I think the best sniper classes and this
game gives you guys my thoughts and
opinions on proficiencies perks and
attachments